Add workaround about using Stale Read with TiFlash (#5875)
pingcap/docs: as-of-timestamp.md

> **Warning:**
>
> Currently, Stale Read is an experimental feature. It is not recommended to use it in the production environment.
>
> Stale Read can not work with TiFlash now. If your SQL query contains `AS OF TIMESTAMP` clause and TiDB would possibly read from TiFlash replica, then you might encounter error  with message like `ERROR 1105 (HY000): stale requests require tikv backend`.
>
> You can fix the problem by disabling TiFlash replica for your Stale Read query as follows:
> 

> > - Use variable to let TiDB read from TiKV `set session tidb_isolation_read_engines='tidb,tikv'`.
> > - Use [hint](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/dev/optimizer-hints#read_from_storagetiflasht1_name--tl_name--tikvt2_name--tl_name-) to enforce TiDB to read from TiKV.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> - Use the `set session tidb_isolation_read_engines='tidb,tikv'` variable.
> - Use the [hint](/optimizer-hints.md#read_from_storagetiflasht1_name--tl_name--tikvt2_name--tl_name-) to enforce TiDB to read data from TiKV.
```
